
Discontinued Plans
Fly.io no longer offers plans to new customers. If you purchased a Launch or Scale plan before October 7, 2024, you can remain on those plans unless you convert to Pay As You Go, delete your payment method, or otherwise stop using Fly.io.

Legacy Free allowances
The following resources were included for free on the Hobby (deprecated), Launch, and Scale plans, and are still honored for any organizations that were on these plans before we sunset them:

Up to 3 shared-cpu-1x 256mb VMs
3GB persistent volume storage (total)
Outbound data transfer:

100 GB North America & Europe
30 GB Asia Pacific, Oceania & South America
30 GB Africa & India
Paid Hobby plan with Free Trial credit
If you signed up for the now deprecated $5/month paid Hobby plan prior the release of the Pay As You Go plan, you got a one-time $5 free trial credit to let you test-drive Fly.io at no cost. When the free trial credit was used up, we automatically placed your organization on the $5/month Hobby plan, which included $5/month of usage and free allowances. There are no free allowances during the free trial. We’ll send you an email when your free trial credit is used up and you won’t be charged before that. The free trial credit doesn’t expire and applies only to the default (“personal”) organization that we created for you on sign-up.

To change your plan to the Pay As You Go plan, go to the Organizations page in the dashboard, click the organization name to change, then click Choose Pay As You Go. If you change your plan, you won’t be able to return to the paid Hobby Plan.

Legacy (Free) Hobby plan
If you were on the free Hobby plan at the time that the paid Hobby plan became the default for new organizations, your plan is now called the Legacy Hobby plan. Your costs stay the same as they were, with no monthly subscription fee, and no included usage beyond the free resource allowances.

If you change your plan, you won’t be able to return to the Legacy Hobby Plan.

Related reading
Billing for Fly.io How invoicing, payment methods, and usage tracking work.
Cost Management Best practices for estimating, monitoring, and controlling your spend.
Free Trial What the Fly.io Free trial gives you and when billing begins.
Organization Roles & Permissions How org structure, permissions and billing interplay.
Optimize Compute Costs: Fine‑tune your app Tuning machine size, memory/CPU, and stop‑/start behavior to reduce waste.